Give your opinion about graduates run their own business.

It used to be very common for the graduate to work in a company for the employer, but nowadays, an increasing number of students try to run their own business. Personally, although it is excellent to run a successful company because of the freedom and sense of achievement it brings, I think starting up a company is quite risky for most of the graduates, but I should make an exception for those with full preparation. In this essay I will first explore the key things that the graduate may be short of for running a business. Then, I will show some tips for those who want to figure out if themselves suit an own business. Next, I will also discuss some benefits of setting up your own business. In this discussion, I will share my ideas as well as relevant instances.

Setting up your own business is not an easy task, because there are several critical aspects for a company. Firstly, it is the business model that determines how well the company goes. I can not imagine that a company would be successful if the former originator had no idea about the business model of his or her company, which make it difficult to create and maintain the transaction structure of relevant stakeholders. Secondly, the graduates should have their orientation including the target market, transaction content and model before they set up their company. Thirdly, the essential part of the company is the cash flow, so former originators should be very cautious when designing the cash flow and profit model. Furthermore, if they confronted with the financial problem, they must have some backup to support the company, etc. Therefore, before running a company, the graduate should be aware the important aspects that they may be lack of.

Not only that, not everyone has the personality to run a business, and there is some tips to test if you have the necessary characters. Basically, the former originator and the manager of a company are always the decision-maker, which need accurate analysis of the certain situation and sufficient couragement to put things forward and make a difference. In daily life, you can see or you can be such decision-maker, so check whether it is your style. Moreover, running a business is all about communication, which means you need to keep in touch with the clients, providers and investors, as well as to manage your staff. Furthermore, as the owner of a company, you have be good at self-management and creative. Assuming you was going to make work that may create some profit by yourself without anyone motivation from others in the weekend, in this case, thing about whether you would complete the work perfectly in the limited time. There are so many personas you can test and train before you setting up your company.

Having said that, it is undoubted that running an own company is a exciting deed. For me, the main is that you can set the goals for the business yourself, which means that you feel more that you are doing and pursue the what you love. Rather than doing what your boss says, you have more room to be creative, which are suitable for the internet era. In the financial aspect, buying facility like furniture and cars via a company can have a tax wavier. In addiction, you can feel more sense of achievement and responsibility because you can provide more jobs for the people, and that is not all. Therefore, you will bring many benefits if you are able to run a company well.

To sum up, there are so many important aspects that it is risky for graduates to set up a company, which is even though a excellent deed if it goes well. In this essay I explored the critical aspects the graduates should be aware of when running a company. I have also outlined the several key personalities of the originator of a company and shared some tips to self test and train. Nevertheless, I mentioned many exciting things when an originator have run a company well. If graduates want to set up their business, they have make to make full preparation first.